How does "technical debt" make it hard to become a software-driven company?
1. Technical debt is paid off by business units that do not trust IT.
2. Attention paid to existing investments prevents focus on new ones.
3. Too much technical debt means that you can't automate systems.
4. Technical debt cannot be paid off without support from commercial vendors.
Ans:-  2. Attention paid to existing investments prevents focus on new ones.

According to the Puppet Labs State of DevOps Report, teams can increase deploys-per-day as they increase dev count.
1. True
2. False

Ans:-  1. True

Why does the application team take responsibility for deciding how much work to take into a software sprint?
1. So the application team knows the priorities of what needs to be done
2. So that the team feels an obligation to complete the work
3. Because product owners aren't adept at estimating level of effort
Ans:-  2. So that the team feels an obligation to complete the work

What's one reason to regularly merge code into a master branch instead of using feature branches?
1. Reduce integration and debugging waste later on
2. Reduce the number of broken builds each day
3. Most source control systems don't support branching.
Ans:- 1. Reduce integration and debugging waste later on

Why should developers, operators, and support staff share a single ticketing system?
1. It's cheaper to run a single system.
2. Support teams should choose the system used by the company.
3. You can avoid losing data as customer information moves between systems.
Ans:-  3. You can avoid losing data as customer information moves between systems.

What's the point of sending regular, structured team updates to executives?
1. Show positive trends to justify the team's existence
2. Share core business metrics and delivery momentum
3. Demonstrate what new technologies the team is using
Ans:- 2. Share core business metrics and delivery momentum

Which of the below is NOT a useful source of info for new engineers to learn about the application they deliver?
1. Deployment pipeline
2. Source code
3. Team wiki
4. Tribal knowledge
Ans:-  4. Tribal knowledge

Why is it useful to have a regular operations review with management?
1. Track each application team using uniform measures
2. Stay focused on customers while improving quality of entire organization
3. Focus on where each team is finding success
4. Solve problems for a particular service experience issues
Ans:- 2. Stay focused on customers while improving quality of entire organization

How can you use data to make decisions about resizing application teams?
1. Marginalize the engineer who is responsible for the most production issues.
2. Assess who writes the most lines of code and move that engineer among teams.
3. Look at team velocity and understand expected impact of new team members.
Ans:- 3. Look at team velocity and understand expected impact of new team members.

Why are relationships important within a DevOps team?
1. Teams unite against common adversaries within the organization.
2. You can create lasting friendships outside of the office.
3. You can build trust that comes in handy during a crisis.
Ans:-  3. You can build trust that comes in handy during a crisis.

DevOps is characterized by:
1. Cultural norms and collaboration practices that enable the fast flow of high-quality work
2. Installing automation suites for testing and service management
3. Developers with production access who regularly push their code to production
4. Developers and Operators reorganized into the same department
Ans:- 1. Cultural norms and collaboration practices that enable the fast flow of high-quality work

In which way is an enterprise DevOps different from DevOps at a small company?
1. More functional silos in place
2. Optimized for efficiency instead of raw throughput
3. Smaller IT budget for new software
4. Less focus on delivering all the way to production
Ans:- 1. More functional silos in place

Which of the below is the primary point of the daily team standup?
1. Let developers demonstrate new features they are working on.
2. Give team members an opportunity to deliver a status update.
3. Orient the team on the most important issues of the day.
Ans:-  3. Orient the team on the most important issues of the day.

Who should be part of an on-call rotation?
1. Operators
2. Developers, operators, and executives
3. Developers and executives
4. Developers and operators
Ans:- 2. Developers, operators, and executives

What is NOT a good way to patch infrastructure in a DevOps environment?
1. Build "gold" images that are used to replace existing servers.
2. Log into servers and run update scripts.
3. Use centralized configuration management tools to push updates.
Ans:- 2. Log into servers and run update scripts.

Infrastructure-as-code refers to building virtual machines with languages like Java or C#.
1. False
2. True
Ans:- 1. False

How does one conduct a "blameless postmortem"?
1. By focusing on the facts of the incident, and focusing on fixing processes, technology
2. By identifying the party outside the team that caused the incident
3. By considering how the incident would have gone differently by making different choices
Ans:- 1. By focusing on the facts of the incident, and focusing on fixing processes, technology

A well-designed application team has no dependencies on other teams.
1. True
2. False
Ans:- 2. False

Why does product documentation need a new approach in DevOps?
1. More frequent product changes result in out-of-date product docs.
2. Technical writers aren't part of a DevOps organization.
3. Typically developers wrote all the product docs, but now operators do.
Ans:- 1. More frequent product changes result in out-of-date product docs.

How does a blue/green deployment work?
1. While "blue" is serving production, "green" is updated and starts accepting production traffic.
2. The "blue" environment is production and "green" environment acts as a test bed.
3. "Blue" and "green" both serve production traffic but only one is updated at a time.
Ans:- 1. While "blue" is serving production, "green" is updated and starts accepting production traffic.

What does NOT belong in the application package?
1. Infrastructure scripts
2. Instructions for post-deployment manual changes
3. Application binary or container
4. Environment variable definition
Ans:-  2. Instructions for post-deployment manual changes


