
Course:  Docker Deep Dive

1. Which of the following is needed to deploy a Docker Stack?

A. Compose v2 file format
B. Kubernetes
C. Compose v3 file format
D. Docker Cloud

Ans:  C. Compose v3 file format


2. What is the name of the configuration file that describes how to build a new Docker image with your app-code inside?

A. dockerfile
B. config.json
C. docker-file
D. dockerfile.json

Ans:   A. dockerfile


3. Which of the following is the worst number of managers for high availability?

A. 1
B. 5
C. 2
D. 7

Ans:  C. 2


4. Which command can you use to get a shell session inside of a container?

A. docker container login
B. docker container exec
C. docker container shell
D. docker container ssh

Ans:  B. docker container exec


5. Which Docker EE technology performs layer-7 (application layer) load balancing?

A. The ingress network
B. The Service Mesh
C. The HTTP Routing Mesh (HRM)

Ans:  C. The HTTP Routing Mesh (HRM)


6. Which of the following best decribes a Docker Image?

A. A read-write template for starting one or more containers
B. A point-in-time snapshot of a container used for backups
C. A data volume that can be mounted inside of a container
D. A read-only template for starting one or more containers

Ans:  D. A read-only template for starting one or more containers


7. You have two services running on a Swarm, but they cannot find each other by name. Which of the following could be the reason why?

A. They are on different overlay networks
B. They were not manually registered with the Swarm DNS when they were created
C. Service discovery only works on bridge/NAT networks
D. You did not create the Swarm DNS

Ans:   A. They are on different overlay networks


8. Which of the following is a loose definition of a Docker container?

A. A VM running a shared kernel with resource limits applied
B. A unikernel running on a hypervisor with resource limits applied
C. An isolated area of an Operating System with resource limits applied

Ans:  C. An isolated area of an Operating System with resource limits applied


9. What will happen if you start a new container or service and specify a volume that does not currently exist?

A. You will be prompted to create the new volume
B. The command will complete but the container/service will fail to start
C. The command will fail
D. Docker will create the volume for you

Ans:   D. Docker will create the volume for you


10. What are the base requirements to be able to use Docker Secrets?

A. Swarm mode and an external CA
B. Swarm mode and self-encrypting disks for the cluster store
C. Docker in Swarm mode
D. Docker

Ans:  C. Docker in Swarm mode


11. Which of the following are top-level keys in a stack file (Compose v3 file)?

A. Version, deployments, networks, volumes
B. Version and services
C. Version, services, networks, volumes
D. Services, pods, networks, volumes

Ans:   C. Version, services, networks, volumes


12. Which of the following is an advantage of Multi-stage Builds?

A. Multi-platform images
B. Better image documentation
C. Faster image builds
D. Smaller images

Ans:   D. Smaller images


13. Which of the following is a recommended number of Swarm managers for high availability?

A. 4
B. 3
C. 2

Ans:  B. 3


14. Which of the following best describes a Bridge (NAT on Windows) network in Docker?

A. Token-ring
B. Multi-host overlay network
C. A single-host network

Ans:   C. A single-host network


15. How does the HRM know how to route traffic to the correct service?

A. iptables rules
B. It inspects HTTP host headers
C. DNS labels
D. Custom load balancer rules

Ans:  B. It inspects HTTP host headers


16. By default, where are Docker daemon logs sent to on a Linux system running systemd?

A. syslog
B. The Linux event viewer
C. journald

Ans:   C. journald


17. Which of the following is a major goal of Docker volumes?

A. Data replication
B. Data encryption at-rest
C. Object storage
D. Persistent data
E. RAID

Ans:   D. Persistent data


18. Which are the two major kernel building blocks that containers are built from?

A. Capabilities and seccomp
B. Namespaces and kernels
C. Namespaces and control groups
D. Capabilities and control groups

Ans:   C. Namespaces and control groups


19. Which of the following is a recommended best practice?

A. Keep your images small
B. Never use the latest image in a repo
C. Use large images containing lots of tools
D. Only use Docker Hub

Ans:   A. Keep your images small


20. Where are Secrets mounted on Linux-based Docker hosts?

A. An encrypted volume mounted at /run/secrets
B. An in memory (tempfs) volume at /run/secrets
C. initramfs
D. Solid state volume

Ans:  B. An in memory (tempfs) volume at /run/secrets


21. How are Docker Secrets created on the command line?

A. docker secret create
B. docker swarm secret create
C. They cannot be created on the command line

Ans:   A. docker secret create


22. Which of the following is the best high-level description of a Swarm?

A. A secure cluster of Docker nodes
B. A tightly-coupled cluster of Docker container
C. A secure cluster of Docker containers
D. I tightly-coupled cluster of Linux nodes

Ans:  A. A secure cluster of Docker nodes


23. What is the atomic unit of scheduling in Docker?

A. The service
B. The container
C. The pod
D. The stack
E. The swarm


Ans:   B. The container


24. Which of the following commands lets you deploy a Docker Stack called stack1 using a Compose file called myapp.yml?

A. docker service deploy -c myapp.yml stack1
B. docker stack deploy -c myapp.yml stack1
C. docker stack deploy stack1 myapp.yml
D. docker service deploy stack1 myapp.yml

Ans:  B. docker stack deploy -c myapp.yml stack1


25. Which of the following open-source tools is the underlying technology for Docker Swarm?

A. containerd
B. SwarmKit
C. Kubernetes
D. InfraKit
E. The Docker daemon


Ans:   B. SwarmKit


26. Docker UCP implements RBAC via Grants. Which of the following make up a Grant?

A. Subjects, roles, and nodes
B. Subjects, roles, and collections
C. Roles and collections


Ans:   B. Subjects, roles, and collections



27. Which of the following built-in Docker networks creates a single layer-2 container-only network across multiple Docker hosts that can be on different underlying networks?

A. Bridge
B. MACVLAN
C. Overlay
D. NAT

Ans:   C. Overlay


28. Which Docker command shows the network ports that a container is exposed on?

A. docker container ports
B. docker port
C. docker network --port


Ans:   B. docker port


29. What happens when you perform a docker volume rm against a volume attached to a running container?

A. The command will fail
B. The volume will be deleted
C. The volume and the container will be deleted
D. You will be asked to confirm the command

Ans:   A. The command will fail


30. Which set of container-related Linux tools did Docker's `libcontainer` replace?

A. LXD
B. libc
C. AUFS
D. LXC


Ans:  D. LXC

---------------------------------------------------------------------

31. How can you make a Docker Secret available to a standalone container (not a service replica)?

A. You cannot
B. Make sure it us running on an overlay network
C. Make sure it is on a node running in Swarm mode

Ans: A. You cannot

32. Which Docker technology allows you to manage an entire application comprising multiple Docker Services? 

A. Service Mesh
B. Stacks
C. Bundles


Ans: B. Stacks

33. Which are the two major Docker container orchestrators?

A. Swarm and VMware vSphere
B. Swarm and Marathon
C. Swarm and Kubernetes
D. Kubernetes and VMware vSphere

Ans: C. Swarm and Kubernetes



34. What is the preferred way to deploy and manage a Docker Stack?

A. The declarative way via config files
B. The imperative way via commands

Ans: A. The declarative way via config files



35. Which of the following Docker Engine component is a Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) project?

A. containerd
B. The Docker Remote API
C. runc
D. The daemon

Ans: A. containerd



36. Which components constitute the control plane aspects of a Docker UCP cluster?

A. UCP/Swarm minions
B. UCP/Swarm workers
C. UCP/Swarm managers

Ans: C. UCP/Swarm managers




37. Which key combination will disconnect your shell from an interactive container, and return you to the shell of your Docker host without killing the container?

A. Ctrl+Z
B. Ctrl+C
C. Ctrl+esc
D. Ctrl+P+Q

Ans: D. Ctrl+P+Q



38. Which of the following network types would you choose if you needed your containers to be first class on one of your existing VLANs?

A. Bridge
B. NAT
C. MACVLAN
D. Overlay

Ans: C. MACVLAN



39. What type of storage takes care of a containers union filesystem/union mount?

A. Graph driver (snapshotter)
B. Volume data
C. Copy-on-write (CoW)
D. Object storage
 
Ans: A. Graph driver (snapshotter)


40. What happens to the data in a volume when the last container it was connected to is deleted?

A. The data remains intact
B. The data is deleted along with the last container

Ans: A. The data remains intact


41. How can you inspect the unencrypted contents of a Docker secret?

A. With the docker secret inspect command on the leader manager in a Swarm
B. You cannot
C. With the docker secret inspect command

Ans:  B. You cannot


42. Which of the following describes how Docker manages a deployed stack?

A. It constantly monitors the state of the stack via reconciliation loops and makes sure actual-state and desired-state match
B. Swarm checks the health of the stack every 60 seconds to make sure actual-state matches desired-state
C. Fire and forget. Once the stack is deployed, it must be monitored via external tools.

Ans:   A. It constantly monitors the state of the stack via reconciliation loops and makes sure actual-state and desired-state match


43. What are some of the benefits Docker Trusted Registry (DTR) has over Docker Hub?

A. On premises, image promotions
B. Public and private repos
C. Image scanning

Ans: A. On premises, image promotions



44. Which Docker command lists all of the managers and workers in a Swarm?

A. docker swarm info
B. docker swarm nodes
C. docker node ls
D. docker swarm ls

Ans: C. docker node ls


45. Which of the following is the default network a container will join of you don't override with the --network flag?

A. Overlay
B. MACVLAN
C. Bridge
D. Wifi

Ans: C. Bridge 


46. Which two docker container run flags are commonly used to create a container you can log-on to and interact with?

A. -ahl
B. -it
C. -ssh
D. -telnet

Ans: B. -it


47. Which of the following describes data that we need to keep long-term?

A. Immutable
B. Persistent
C. Ephemeral
D. Non-persistent

Ans: B. Persistent 


48. Where does a container's graph driver storage usually exist?

A. /etc/docker (Linux) and C:\ProgramData\Docker\windowsfilter (Windows)
B. /var/lib/docker (Linux) and C:\ProgramData\Docker\windowsfilter (Windows)
C. /var/run/docker (Linux) and C:\Program Files\Docker\windowsntfs (Windows)

Ans: B. /var/lib/docker (Linux) and C:\ProgramData\Docker\windowsfilter (Windows)



49. Which of the following describe some of the OS-level constructs that each container gets?

A. Process trees, network stacks, and users
B. Virtual CPU and virtual RAM
C. Kernel modes
D. Kernel rung buffers and syscall tables

Ans: A. Process trees, network stacks, and users


50. How does the Docker Engine expose the Docker API?

A. As a versioned HTTP REST interface
B. gRPC on a Unix socket

Ans: A. As a versioned HTTP REST interface



51. Which of the following describes a potential advantage a Hyper-V container has over a native Windows container?                       

A. You can run a different OS/kernel for each container
B. They start faster
C. They implement open CNCF standards
D. You ran run more on a single Windows Docker host

Ans: A. You can run a different OS/kernel for each container



52. Which of the following best describes a Docker UCP cluster?

A. A group of Swarm managers and Kubernetes minions
B. A group of Swarm managers and Kubernetes minions
C. A cluster of Swarm-based manager and worker nodes

Ans: C. A cluster of Swarm-based manager and worker nodes



53. What do Swarm managers and workers use their client certificates for?

A. Role authorization and cluster join token
B. Mutual authentication, role authorization, and transport encryption
C. Transport encryption
D. Mutual authentication and transport encryption

Ans: B. Mutual authentication, role authorization, and transport encryption



54. How many processes does a Linux-based Docker container normally run?

A. One per image layer
B. One
C. Two

Ans:  B. One


55. How can you login to your local DTR so that you can push and pull images from it?

A. docker login <name-or-IP-of-DTR>
B. dtr login <name-or-IP-of-DTR>
C. docker ucp login<name-or-IP-of-DTR>

Ans: A. docker login <name-or-IP-of-DTR>
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


56. How can you make a Swarm service accessible from all nodes in a Swarm on the same port?

A. Create enough replicas so that there is one on each Swarm node
B. Map the service to a port with the -p flag
C. Create a global service
D. Create an external load balancer

Ans: B. Map the service to a port with the -p flag


57. Which of the following are true about Docker volumes?

A. They must exist on a SAN or NAS
B. They are decoupled from containers
C. They are higher performance than graph driver (snapshotter) storage
D. They are RAID protected

Ans: B. They are decoupled from containers



58. Which of the following commands will list all of the Docker volumes on a particular Docker host?

A. docker system info | grep volumes
B. docker node volumes
C. docker volume ls

Ans: C. docker volume ls



59. Which of the following can be a Docker Secret? 

A. Just SSH keys
B. Just .pem and .crt files
C. Passwords less than 100KB
D. Passwords, SSH keys, service ports and names

Ans: D. Passwords, SSH keys, service ports and names



60. Which component of the Docker Engine interfaces with the kernel primitives that are used to build containers?

A. The OCI layer (runc)
B. The REST API
C. The Docker daemon

Ans: A. The OCI layer (runc) 


61. What currently replaces containerd and the OCI layer in the Docker Engine on the Windows platform?

A. The smss process
B. The Compute Services Layer
C. The Windows Registry
D. Hyper-V

Ans: B. The Compute Services Layer



62. How do you tell Docker on Windows to deploy a container as a Hyper-V container?

A. Build the image with the `isolation=hyperv` tag
B. Use the `hyper-v container run` command instead of the `docker container run` command
C. Pass the `docker container run` command the `--isolation=hyperv` switch

Ans: C. Pass the `docker container run` command the `--isolation=hyperv` switch



63. What are some of the features of Docker Universal Control Plane?

A. Docker Content Trust (DCT)
B. Management of containers and virtual machines via a single web UI
C. RBAC, image scanning, image promotions

Ans: C. RBAC, image scanning, image promotions

----------------------------------------------------------------

64. Which of the following explains the relationship between a Docker image and a Docker container?

A. A Docker container is two or more images that share a common execution environment
B. A Docker container is used to start a Docker image
C. A Docker container is a collection of image layers
D. A Docker container is a running instance of an image

Ans: D. A Docker container is a running instance of an image
---------------------------------------------------------------

65. Which of the following commands will initialize a new Swarm on the current node?

A. docker swarm init
B. docker swarm create
C. docker init

Ans: A. docker swarm init



66. Which Dockerfile instruction sets the default program for a container to run, but can be overridden on the CLI at runtime?

A. ENTRYPOINT
B. RUN
C. CMD

Ans: C. CMD



67. Where do you specify the default logging driver for all containers on a particular Docker host?

A. logs.json
B. daemon.json
C. The Registry
D. config.json

Ans: D. config.json



68. What underlying Windows technology, used to build containers, is broadly referred to as control groups?

A. The Registry
B. Hyper-V
C. Active Directory
D. Job objects

Ans: D. Job objects


69. Which of the following Docker Engine components is part of the Open Container Initiative (OCI)?

A. runc
B. containerd
C. The API
D. The daemon

Ans: A. runc


70. Which component of the Docker Engine implements the Docker API?

A. The Docker daemon
B. The Docker client
C. The OCI layer
D. containerd

Ans: A. The Docker daemon

























