
Course:  Docker Deep Dive

1. Which of the following is needed to deploy a Docker Stack?

A. Compose v2 file format
B. Kubernetes
C. Compose v3 file format
D. Docker Cloud

Ans:  C. Compose v3 file format


2. What is the name of the configuration file that describes how to build a new Docker image with your app-code inside?

A. dockerfile
B. config.json
C. docker-file
D. dockerfile.json

Ans:   A. dockerfile


3. Which of the following is the worst number of managers for high availability?

A. 1
B. 5
C. 2
D. 7

Ans:  C. 2


4. Which command can you use to get a shell session inside of a container?

A. docker container login
B. docker container exec
C. docker container shell
D. docker container ssh

Ans:  B. docker container exec


5. Which Docker EE technology performs layer-7 (application layer) load balancing?

A. The ingress network
B. The Service Mesh
C. The HTTP Routing Mesh (HRM)

Ans:  C. The HTTP Routing Mesh (HRM)


6. Which of the following best decribes a Docker Image?

A. A read-write template for starting one or more containers
B. A point-in-time snapshot of a container used for backups
C. A data volume that can be mounted inside of a container
D. A read-only template for starting one or more containers

Ans:  D. A read-only template for starting one or more containers


7. You have two services running on a Swarm, but they cannot find each other by name. Which of the following could be the reason why?

A. They are on different overlay networks
B. They were not manually registered with the Swarm DNS when they were created
C. Service discovery only works on bridge/NAT networks
D. You did not create the Swarm DNS

Ans:   A. They are on different overlay networks


8. Which of the following is a loose definition of a Docker container?

A. A VM running a shared kernel with resource limits applied
B. A unikernel running on a hypervisor with resource limits applied
C. An isolated area of an Operating System with resource limits applied

Ans:  C. An isolated area of an Operating System with resource limits applied


9. What will happen if you start a new container or service and specify a volume that does not currently exist?

A. You will be prompted to create the new volume
B. The command will complete but the container/service will fail to start
C. The command will fail
D. Docker will create the volume for you

Ans:   D. Docker will create the volume for you


10. What are the base requirements to be able to use Docker Secrets?

A. Swarm mode and an external CA
B. Swarm mode and self-encrypting disks for the cluster store
C. Docker in Swarm mode
D. Docker

Ans:  C. Docker in Swarm mode


11. Which of the following are top-level keys in a stack file (Compose v3 file)?

A. Version, deployments, networks, volumes
B. Version and services
C. Version, services, networks, volumes
D. Services, pods, networks, volumes

Ans:   C. Version, services, networks, volumes


12. Which of the following is an advantage of Multi-stage Builds?

A. Multi-platform images
B. Better image documentation
C. Faster image builds
D. Smaller images

Ans:   D. Smaller images


13. Which of the following is a recommended number of Swarm managers for high availability?

A. 4
B. 3
C. 2

Ans:  B. 3


14. Which of the following best describes a Bridge (NAT on Windows) network in Docker?

A. Token-ring
B. Multi-host overlay network
C. A single-host network

Ans:   C. A single-host network


15. How does the HRM know how to route traffic to the correct service?

A. iptables rules
B. It inspects HTTP host headers
C. DNS labels
D. Custom load balancer rules

Ans:  B. It inspects HTTP host headers


16. By default, where are Docker daemon logs sent to on a Linux system running systemd?

A. syslog
B. The Linux event viewer
C. journald

Ans:   C. journald


17. Which of the following is a major goal of Docker volumes?

A. Data replication
B. Data encryption at-rest
C. Object storage
D. Persistent data
E. RAID

Ans:   D. Persistent data


18. Which are the two major kernel building blocks that containers are built from?

A. Capabilities and seccomp
B. Namespaces and kernels
C. Namespaces and control groups
D. Capabilities and control groups

Ans:   C. Namespaces and control groups


19. Which of the following is a recommended best practice?

A. Keep your images small
B. Never use the latest image in a repo
C. Use large images containing lots of tools
D. Only use Docker Hub

Ans:   A. Keep your images small


20. Where are Secrets mounted on Linux-based Docker hosts?

A. An encrypted volume mounted at /run/secrets
B. An in memory (tempfs) volume at /run/secrets
C. initramfs
D. Solid state volume

Ans:  B. An in memory (tempfs) volume at /run/secrets


21. How are Docker Secrets created on the command line?

A. docker secret create
B. docker swarm secret create
C. They cannot be created on the command line

Ans:   A. docker secret create


22. Which of the following is the best high-level description of a Swarm?

A. A secure cluster of Docker nodes
B. A tightly-coupled cluster of Docker container
C. A secure cluster of Docker containers
D. I tightly-coupled cluster of Linux nodes

Ans:  A. A secure cluster of Docker nodes


23. What is the atomic unit of scheduling in Docker?

A. The service
B. The container
C. The pod
D. The stack
E. The swarm


Ans:   B. The container


24. Which of the following commands lets you deploy a Docker Stack called stack1 using a Compose file called myapp.yml?

A. docker service deploy -c myapp.yml stack1
B. docker stack deploy -c myapp.yml stack1
C. docker stack deploy stack1 myapp.yml
D. docker service deploy stack1 myapp.yml

Ans:  B. docker stack deploy -c myapp.yml stack1


25. Which of the following open-source tools is the underlying technology for Docker Swarm?

A. containerd
B. SwarmKit
C. Kubernetes
D. InfraKit
E. The Docker daemon


Ans:   B. SwarmKit


26. Docker UCP implements RBAC via Grants. Which of the following make up a Grant?

A. Subjects, roles, and nodes
B. Subjects, roles, and collections
C. Roles and collections


Ans:   B. Subjects, roles, and collections



27. Which of the following built-in Docker networks creates a single layer-2 container-only network across multiple Docker hosts that can be on different underlying networks?

A. Bridge
B. MACVLAN
C. Overlay
D. NAT

Ans:   C. Overlay


28. Which Docker command shows the network ports that a container is exposed on?

A. docker container ports
B. docker port
C. docker network --port


Ans:   B. docker port


29. What happens when you perform a docker volume rm against a volume attached to a running container?

A. The command will fail
B. The volume will be deleted
C. The volume and the container will be deleted
D. You will be asked to confirm the command

Ans:   A. The command will fail


30. Which set of container-related Linux tools did Docker's `libcontainer` replace?

A. LXD
B. libc
C. AUFS
D. LXC


Ans:  D. LXC




























