
Course Name:  Getting Started with Docker on Windows


1. The docker history command shows output similar to which of the following?

A. Dockerfile
B. docker-compose.yml
C. docker images
D. docker layers
E. docker ps


Ans:    A. Dockerfile


2. What is a tag?

A. A reference to a registry
B. A reference to a specific image in a repository
C. A reference to a specific image in a registry
D. A reference to a repository

Ans:  B. A reference to a specific image in a repository


3. What format does Docker use to export images?

A. iso
B. Image
C. dmg
D. tar
E. zip

Ans:   D. tar



4. Which of the following container types doesn't use namespace isolation?

A. Windows Server Container
B. Linux Container
C. Hyper-V Container

Ans:  C. Hyper-V Container


5. Where do dangling images typically come from?

A. When you stop many of the same containers
B. When building custom docker images
C. When running lots of containers from the same image
D. When downloading images from Docker hub

Ans:   B. When building custom docker images


6. In the past, we usually downloaded software in some sort of package to install it, for example a zip file or MSI file. Now, with Docker, how do we download software?

A. `docker start`
B. `docker download`
C. `docker pull`
D. `docker ps`

Ans:   C. `docker pull`


7. Where are created, modified, and deleted files stored in a container?

A. In a volume mounted in the container
B. In an R/W container layer
C. In the top most layer from the image it was created from
D. In the bottom most layer from the image it was created from

Ans:   B. In an R/W container layer


8. How can you connect a container to a user defined network?

A. docker attach
B. docker connect
C. --net NETWORK_NAME
D. --udf NETWORK_NAME
E. docker disconnect

Ans:   C. --net NETWORK_NAME


9. What is used to resolve ip addresses with the embedded DNS in user-defined networks? What value is pulled from the docker-compose.yml file?

A. Image name
B. Service name
C. environment
D. DNS name

Ans:   B. Service name


10. Why are image layers read only?


A. So they can be reused
B. So we cannot write data inside a container
C. So they can be compressed to reduce disk space

Ans:   A. So they can be reused


11. What is a Docker volume?

A. The host file system
B. A directory that mounts remote files
C. A directory that bypasses the container's union file system
D. The union file system for a container

Ans:   C. A directory that bypasses the container's union file system


12. When you extract an image with docker save what is inside the tar archive?

A. A folder for the entire image and also a layers folder with each layer nested inside
B. The contents of all layers flattened into one folder
C. A folder for each image layer

Ans:   C. A folder for each image layer


13. In the past we had to install software before we could run it. What is the equivalent step with Docker to be able to run software?

A. Create a container
B. Pulls a container
C. Run a container
D. Installs a container

Ans:   A. Create a container


14. Which of the following is an accurate statement about processes in a container?

A. Container processes do not show in the Windows Task Manager
B. Container processes run in a VM
C. Container processes are different from machine processes
D. Container processes are regular machine processes

Ans:   D. Container processes are regular machine processes

15. When executing the command "docker pull microsoft/aspnet:4.6.2" what does "microsoft/aspnet:4.6.2" refer to?

A. Repository
B. User
C. Registry
D. Tag
E. Image

Ans: E. Image


16. When using docker-compose, by default, what network are linux containers connected to?

A. none
B. host
C. bridge
D. user defined network

Ans: D. user defined network


17. Why does Docker for Windows need Hyper-V?

A. To run linux containers inside a linux VM and Hyper-V windows containers
B. To run windows containers inside a Windows Server VM and linux containers inside a linux VM
C. To run linux containers inside a linux VM
D. To run windows containers inside a Windows Server VM

Ans: A. To run linux containers inside a linux VM and Hyper-V windows containers



18. How is it possible that we can run a command prompt in a container created from the microsoft/dotnet image?

A. We have access to all apps on the machine in addition to those in the container
B. Common OS applications like CMD.exe are mapped into the container by default
C. It's not possible to run anything but the one application provided by the image
D. The image also provides CMD.exe

Ans: D. The image also provides CMD.exe



19. After stopping a container, how do you run the application in it again?

A. docker run <Container ID/Name>
B. docker start <Container ID/Name>
C. docker pull <Container ID/Name>
D. docker restart <Container ID/Name>

Ans: B. docker start <Container ID/Name>


20. What does the -d in docker run -d nginx do?

A. Deletes the container when we stop the NGINX proces
B. Runs an attached container
C. Runs a container that will display output from the NGINX process in our console
D. Runs a detached container

Ans: D. Runs a detached container


21. Where does the file system come from for a container?

A. From a remote network share hosted through Hyper-V
B. From the machine the container is started on
C. From the image used to create the container
D. From another special container called a parent container

Ans: C. From the image used to create the container

22. What image type is blessed by both Docker and the people behind the software it contains?

A. Trusted
B. Blessed
C. Official
D. Automated Build

Ans: C. Official



23. How can you get files out of a container onto the host? Assume a process in a container is writing files, like ffmpeg saving the contents of a converted video. Where do you write this data?

A. Write files to the default host file system mounts at C:\host or /mnt/host on Linux
B. Write files to a volume mounted from the host
C. Write files to network shares
D. Write files to the container file system, all writes are automatically copied to the host file system in the same folder

Ans: B. Write files to a volume mounted from the host


24. How can you see the output of a process running in a detached container?

A. docker run -it
B. docker logs
C. docker ls
D. docker exec -it
E. docker output

Ans: B. docker logs

25. Why do containers exist?

A. To make it easier to use virtual machines
B. A replacement for monolithic operating systems
C. A replacement for virtual machines
D. To make it easier to use software

Ans: D. To make it easier to use software

26. Which of the following allows you to add files from the host to a running container?

A. docker cp
B. docker share
C. docker commit
D. docker volumes
E. docker add

Ans: A. docker cp


27. Which of the following is a good analogy for creating a container? 

A. Running software
B. Installing software
C. Extracting a zip file
D. Downloading software

Ans: B. Installing software


28. What is a repository on Docker Hub?

A. A single image
B. A collection of images
C. An image ta
D. A user account

Ans: B. A collection of images



29. On a computer, with either Linux or Windows installed, there's a program that runs in a privileged mode that abstracts hardware and provides services to other processes. What is this program?

A. Application
B. User space
C. User
D. Kernel space
E. Kernel

Ans: E. Kernel

30. What does docker-compose help us avoid? Excessive calls to ____?

A. docker pull
B. docker stop
C. docker build
D. docker rm
E. docker run

Ans: E. docker run

31. How can I run another process inside a running container?

A. docker start
B. docker ps
C. docker exec
D. docker run

Ans: C. docker exec 

32. What does an image contain? 

A. The user space files
B. The operating system
C. Only an application's files
D. Both the user and kernel space files
E. The kernel space files

Ans:  A. The user space files


33.  On Windows 10 which container types can you run?

A. Hyper-V Containers
B. Both Hyper-V and Windows Server Containers
C. Windows 10 Containers
D. Windows Server Containers

Ans: A. Hyper-V Containers



34. What is a dangling image? 

A. An intermediate part of the chain of image layers
B. An image that's not associated with a volume
C. An image that's not associated with a tag
D. An image that's not associated with a running container

Ans: C. An image that's not associated with a tag 



35. In the past, to launch an installed application, we would run an executable file. How does Docker run software?

A. Install a container
B. Runs an executable
C. Pull a container
D. Create a container

Ans: B. Runs an executable



36. How can processes in different containers talk to each other when using docker-compose?

A. Pass IP addresses in configuration files
B. Embedded DNS for Service Discovery
C. Linking containers
D. Pass IP addresses in environment variables

Ans: B. Embedded DNS for Service Discovery



37.  What's a good analogy for `docker exec`?

A. It's similar to installing software
B. Allows you to run additional processes in a container
C. Allows you to run additional processes outside a container
D.  Allows you to run additional processes in new containers

Ans: B. Allows you to run additional processes in a container


38.  To get Ctrl+C to work to kill a container, what should you pass when running the container?

A.  -it
B.  --name
C.  -d
D.  -p

Ans: A.  -it



39.  Say you have the following output from docker ps:
57cf9c689955 docs/docker.github.io "/bin/sh -c 'jekyll s" About an hour ago Exited (137) About an hour ago grave_tesla
Which of the following does not work as a container identifier (CID) when running a command like the following?
docker stop <CID>
docker start <CID>
docker rm <CID>

A. 57
B. gra
C. grave_tesla
D. 57cf9c689955

Ans: B. gra 

40. What's the primary purpose of docker-compose?

A. Pull and push images
B. Build containers
C. Build containers, volumes, and networks
D. Build images
E. Cleanup containers.

Ans:  C. Build containers, volumes, and 



41. What is a dangling volume?

A. The default volume for the container file system that's unpacked from the image
B. A volume that's removed from a running container
C. A volume that's not associated with a container
D. A volume created without a name

Ans:  C. A volume that's not associated with a container



42. Which of the following Windows Features do you need to use Windows Server containers?

A. Hyper-V
B. Hyper-V and Containers
C. Containers
D. Docker

Ans: C. Containers


43. Which of the following stops all running containers?

A. docker rmi $(docker ps -q)
B. docker rm -f $(docker ps -q)
C. docker rm -f $(docker ps -q)
D. docker halt $(docker ps -q)

Ans: C. docker rm -f $(docker ps -q)



44. In the past, to find software, we often used standalone web sites hosted by the creator of the software. Now, with Docker, how do we discover software?

A. Docker Engine
B. Docker Hub
C. App Stores
D. Package Managers
E. Still use standalone web sites

Ans: B. Docker Hub



45. What does docker history do?

A. Shows container history
B. Shows commands that we ran inside a given container
C. Shows a diff of changes in the container layer
D. Shows image history

Ans: D. Shows image history

46. When executing the command "docker pull microsoft/aspnet:4.6.2" what is the "microsoft" piece called?

A. User
B. Repository
C. Registry
D. Tag
E. Image

Ans: A. User



47. How are image layers coalesced to form a container's file system?

A. A union file system is used to create a union mount point
B. Files are copied out of layers when creating a container into a union mount point
C. Container file systems exist in memory, in a RAM disk, aggregated from image layers

Ans: A. A union file system is used to create a union mount point



48. What docker command executes software?

A. `docker run`
B. `docker ps`
C. `docker stop`
D.  `docker pull`

Ans: A. `docker run`



49. Images contain the entire user space, in other words the entire file system for a container. How is this not horribly inefficient in terms of disk space?

A. Images use state of the art compression to reduce the disk space requirements
B. Image layers are highly optimized to reduce unnecessary components.
C. You only pull down the image layers that you need to run your application
D. Images are layered and common layers are shared

Ans: D. Images are layered and common layers are shared



50. With Docker for Windows, what container types can you run?

A. Windows and Linux
B. Windows and macOS
C. Only Windows
D. Only Linux

Ans: A. Windows and Linux



51. When executing the command "docker pull microsoft/aspnet:4.6.2" what is the "aspnet" piece called?

A. User
B. Repository
C. Tag
D. Registry
E. Image

Ans: B. Repository



52. What's a good analogy for `docker stop`?

A. Removes the container
B. Stops the processes running in a container
C. Stops a single process in a container
D. Uninstalls the container

Ans: B. Stops the processes running in a container



53. Removing an image is akin to what in traditional software management?

A. Uninstalling an application
B. Restarting an application
C. Stopping an application
D. Deleting an installer file or zip file

Ans: D. Deleting an installer file or zip file















