51. Which of these was NOT mentioned as a common rule for rebasing?
a. Never Rebase after Fetching a Branch
b. Never Rebase after Commits use your Branch
c. Never Rebase after Pushing a Branch
d. Never Rebase after Pulling someone else's Branch

Ans : a. Never Rebase after Fetching a Branch

52. What does forking a repository let you do?
a. Have your own copy of the repository to modify.
b. Keep track of a repository that you're interested in.
c. Stop future changes from being made to that repository.

Ans : a. Have your own copy of the repository to modify.

53. When tracking down the problem with an open issue, what option did I show that the resolver can use to communicate with the creator of the open issue?
a. Email the user from their profile.	
b. Comment on the issue itself.
c. Send a git message to the user.

Ans : b. Comment on the issue itself.

54. What is the name of GitHub's native GUI application?
a. GitUI
b. GitHub for Windows
c. GitX
d. GitHub

Ans : b. GitHub for Windows

55. Which command can be used to get your stashed changes back?
a. git stash get
b. git stash pull
c. git stash pop
d. git stash

Ans : c. git stash pop

56. How do you associate a TFS Work Item to a Git commit?
a. From Team Explorer, add the Work Item under the Related Work Items section
b. From Command-line, add the Work Item ID to the commit message, with a hashtag in front of it
c. From Team Explorer, add the Work Item ID to the commit message with a hashtag in front of it
d. All of the above

Ans : d. All of the above
 
57. What are the qualities of a good commit that together make up the acronym ACID?
a. Atomic, compact, irreversible and durable
b. Atomic, consistent, incremental and documented
c. Additional, concise, isolated and documented
d. Atomic, consistent, isolated and durable

Ans : b. Atomic, consistent, incremental and documented

58. What does the two-dot notation, A..B mean when used with git log?
a. It includes all the commits reachable from B, but not from A.
b. It includes all the commits reachable from A, but not from B.
c. It includes all the commits reachable from both A or B.
d. It includes all the commits reachable from either A or B.

Ans : a. It includes all the commits reachable from B, but not from A.

59. What does the three-dot notation, A...B, mean when used with git log?
a. It includes all the commits reachable from either A or B.
b. It includes all the commits reachable from both A and B.
c. It includes all the commits reachable from either A or B, but not both.
d. It includes all the commits reachable from neither A nor B.

Ans : c. It includes all the commits reachable from either A or B, but not both.

60. What is the difference between the --mixed and --soft options of git reset?
a. --mixed modifies both the index and the working directory, while --soft modifies only the index.
b. --mixed modifies only the working directory, while --soft modifies only the index.
c. --mixed modifies only the index, while --soft doesn't modify anything.
d. --mixed modifies only the working directory, while --soft doesn't modify anything.

Ans : c. --mixed modifies only the index, while --soft doesn't modify anything.


61. Git Source Control Provider only works with Visual Studio 2010.
a. True
b. False

Ans : b. False

62. Git creates a separate folder for each branch that you create.
a. True
b. False