1. Which objects in Git have a SHA1 hash?
a. Only Blobs and Trees
b. Each object in the database
c. Each object in the database, and the same object can have multiple SHA1 hashes
d. Only Commits

Ans : Each object in the database

2. Can an object in Git be safely modified?

a. No: if you changed even one bit, then you'd get a different object with its own SHA1.
b. Yes: you can edit the content of the file that stores the object.
c. Yes: you can ask Git to generate a new SHA1 for the object.
d. No: you might get the same SHA1 as another object

Ans : No: if you changed even one bit, then you'd get a different object with its own SHA1.

3. Where does Git store the names of files and directories?

a. In the object database, inside the trees that point to the objects
b. In the object database, inside the blobs and trees that store files and directories
c. Nowhere
d. In the “.git/links” subdirectory

Ans : In the object database, inside the trees that point to the objects

4. What happens when you commit?

a. Both HEAD and the current branch change.
b. Neither HEAD nor the current branch change.
c. HEAD changes, the current branch doesn't.
d. The current branch changes, HEAD doesn't.

Ans : The current branch changes, HEAD doesn't.

5. Which objects are created when you merge?

a. Merges don't create new objects.
b. Exactly one commit and nothing else
c. Zero or one commit and nothing else
d. Zero or one commit, and possibly new trees and blobs

Ans : Zero or one commit, and possibly new trees and blobs

6. Where can HEAD point?

a. To a branch
b. To a branch or nowhere
c. To a branch or a commit
d. To a branch, a commit, a tree, or a blob

Ans : To a branch or a commit

7. How does "git rebase" move an existing commit?

a. It copies over the commit to a new commit with a different parent and SHA1.
b. None of these
c. It just changes the parent in the commit file.
d. It changes the commit's parent and its SHA1.

Ans : It copies over the commit to a new commit with a different parent and SHA1.

8. What's one difference between merges and rebases?

a. Rebases change history, merges don't.
b. None of these
c. Rebases create commits with multiple parents, merges don't.
d. Merges create a new commit object, rebases don't

Ans : Rebases change history, merges don't.

9. What's a "pull"?

a. A "merge" followed by a "push"
b. A "push" followed by a "merge"
c. A "fetch" followed by a "push"
d. A "fetch" followed by a "merge"

 Ans : A "fetch" followed by a "merge"

10. Which of these is not a Git command?

a. git fetch
b. git fork
c. git push
d. git clone

Ans : git fork

11. The setting, core.autocrlf, configures:

a. automatic addition of line breaks to commit messages.
b. autocorrection of spelling errors in commit messages.
c. conversion of line endings between the repository and working copy.
d. stripping extra line breaks from the end of files.

Ans : conversion of line endings between the repository and working copy.

12. Which command creates a local git repository?
a. git localrepo
b. git init
c. git repo
d. git initrepo

Ans : git init

13. Performing a git pull is equivalent to a git fetch followed by:
a. git merge
b. git rebase
c. git cherry-pick
d. git reset --hard

Ans : git merge

14. Cherry-picking a commit will:
a. apply only that commit to the current branch.
b. remove the commit from its source branch and apply it to the current branch.
c. apply that commit and all subsequent commit to the current branch.
d. apply that commit and all previous commits to the current branch.

Ans : apply only that commit to the current branch.

15. The advantage of a DVCs is:
a. full local history
b. easy backups
c. all of these
d. reliable branching/merging
e. different topologies

Ans : all of these

16. To remove and discard the changes from the last commit on your current branch, you should use:
a. git reset --soft HEAD
b. git revert HEAD
c. git revert HEAD~1
d. git reset --hard HEAD
e. git reset --hard HEAD~1

Ans : git reset --hard HEAD~1

17. Which URL style should you use if you want to avoid using passwords?

a. http://github.com/username/repository.git
b. git@github.com:username/repository.git
c. git://github.com/username/repository.git
d. https://github.com/username/repository.git

Ans : git@github.com:username/repository.git

18. Given an unmerged feature branch, feature1, what is the effect of running "git branch -d feature1"?
a. Deletion of feature1 will fail silently
b. feature1 will not be deleted and an error message will be displayed
c. Git will display the prompt "Unmerged changes. Confirm delete? (y/N)"
d. feature1 will be deleted

Ans : feature1 will not be deleted and an error message will be displayed

19. User-level configuration in Git can be modified using:
a. git config --system
b. git config
c. git config --user
d. git config --global

Ans : git config --global

20. Which file lists the files and directories that should not be committed to the repository?
a. .git/config
b. .gitnocommit
c. .gitattributes
d. .gitignore

Ans : .gitignore

21. What feature in Git allows you to become more efficient at the command line?
a. Speech recognition
b. Keyboard shortcuts
c. Snippets
d. Aliases

Ans : Aliases

22. When is a commit A said to be reachable from another commit B?
a. When B is an ancestor of A
b. When A is the direct parent of B
c. When A and B are patch equivalent
d. When A is an ancestor of B

Ans : When A is an ancestor of B

23. How can Git calculate patches on the fly?
a. It's really good at math.
b. It uses the patience algorithm.
c. It stores the entire files in the working directory for each commit.
d. It stores deltas between files in the working directory.

Ans : c. It stores the entire files in the working directory for each commit.

24. What is the difference between the -S and -G options of git log?
a. -S searches for matching lines that are removed, while -G searches for lines that are added.
b. -S searches for matching lines that are either added, removed, or modified, while -G only includes lines that are modified.
c. -S searches for matching lines that are either added or removed, while -G also includes lines that are modified.
d. -S searches for matching lines that are either added or removed, while -G also includes lines that are modified.

Ans : c. -S searches for matching lines that are either added or removed, while -G also includes lines that are modified.

25. In which scenario is git rerere useful?
a. When dealing with complex merge conflicts
b. When merging more than two branches
c. When dealing with a lot of different merge conflicts
d. When dealing with the same merge conflict more than once

Ans : d. When dealing with the same merge conflict more than once

26. What are the fundamental concepts in Git's object model?
a. Commits, trees and leaves
b. Commits, files and branches
c. Commits, tags and branches
d. Commits, snapshots, and references

Ans : d. Commits, snapshots, and references

27. What are the characteristics of a well-formed commit message?
a. It should consist of a short one-sentence summary followed by an optional longer description.
b. It should have a total maximum length of 50 characters.
c. It should be short and concise.
d. It should have lines that are no longer than 72 characters.

Ans : a. It should consist of a short one-sentence summary followed by an optional longer description.

28. What is the merge-base between two commits?
a. The list of all common parents of the two commits
b. The first common parent of the two commits
c. The oldest common parent of the two commits
d. A special reference pointing to the commit that is being merged into the other one

Ans : b. The first common parent of the two commits

29. How do you make sure that each commit represents a single set of changes?
a. You use the index to select which changes are going to be part of the commit.
b. You make sure that all the changes in our working directory are related.
c. You always work on one kind of change at a time.
d. You use branches to isolate different kinds of changes.

Ans : a. You use the index to select which changes are going to be part of the commit.

30.  Why is the reflog important when rewriting history?
a. Because it allows you to see a list of references currently in the repository
b. Because it allows you to amend existing commits
c. Because it allows you to see a log of the commits currently in the repository
d. Because it allows you to restore history to a previous state

Ans : d. Because it allows you to restore history to a previous state

31. TFS Pull Request Notifications can only be configured at the team level.
a. True
b. False

Ans : b. False

32. How do you get commits to a remote repository such as GitHub?
a. Checkin
b. Push
c. Commit
d. Upload

Ans :  b. Push

33. How many options do you have for source control in TFS 2013?
a. 2
b. 3
c. 4
d. 1

Ans :  a. 2

34. You can include external Git repositories in an automated TFS Build.
a. false
b. true

Ans : b. true

35. When do Reference CodeLens Indicators get updated on a Method definition?
a. When you commit your changes locally
b. As soon as you add code that references that method
c. When you compile your code
d. When you push your changes to the server

Ans : b. As soon as you add code that references that method

36. What information can you see on the Pull Request details screen in TFS?
a. Code Changes
b. Source branch
c. File listing
d. Target branch
e. Discussion
f. All of these
g. Reviewers

Ans : f. All of these

37. What version control approaches are used by Centralized Version Control systems?
a. All of the Above
b. Edit/Commit
c. None of the Above
d. Check-in/Check-out

Ans : a. All of the Above

38. Pushing your local repository to a central Git repository includes all your commits.
a. true
b. false

Ans : a. true

39. To access a file's history in Git, you must access a central repository.
a. False
b. True

Ans : a. False

40. If you create a new method, when does the CodeLens History indicator reflect that you are the author?
a. When you compile your code
b. When you push your changes to the server
c. As soon as the method is created
d. When you commit your changes locally

Ans : d. When you commit your changes locally

41. If your co-worker changes a method and pushes the change to the server, when does CodeLens tell you about the change? 
a. When you push your changes to the server
b. When she commits her changes locally
c. When you pull her changes from the server
d. As soon she pushes her changes to the server

Ans : c. When you pull her changes from the server

42. What should you use to work with a local Git Repository and a centralized TFS source control repository?
a. Git Source Control Provider
b. Git-TF
c. Visual Studio Git Extensions

Ans : Git-TF

43. To create a Git branch, you must first create it in a shared repository and then copy that branch to your local repository.
a. False
b. True

Ans : a. False


44. What version control approaches are used by Centralized Version Control systems?
a. Check-in/Check-out
b. None of the Above
c. Edit/Commit
d. All of the Above

Ans : All of the Above

45. If a Pull Request is rejected, can you make code changes and submit a revision?
a. Yes
b. No

Ans : Yes

46. Which section of GitHub can you use to track tasks? (Not Include in Questions)*****
a. Issues
b. Pages
c. Pages
d. Pages
e. Work Items

Ans : a. Issues

47.  Which operation in GitHub for Windows will automatically commit a new change to your local repository that does the opposite changes of a previous commit, effectively eliminating a previous commit?
a. roll back
b. undo
c. revert
d. reverse

Ans : c. revert

48. Which of these can you change in your GitHub for Windows Options window?
a. default diff viewer
b. push behavior
c. default storage directory
d. default repository name
e. sync refresh timing

Ans : c. default storage directory

49. Which operation will combine two branches by changing the order of the commits such that one branch now appears to have happened after the other?
a. Combine 
b. Merge
c. Reconstitute
d. Rebase

Ans : d. Rebase

50. What happens if you are viewing a GitHub repository in your browser and drag the URL directly into the GitHub for Windows application?
a. It creates a fork of the repository in GitHub.
b. A bookmark is stored in GitHub for Windows.
c. A zip file of the repository is downloaded.
d. The repository is cloned and tracked locally.

Ans : d. The repository is cloned and tracked locally.



