
Course Name: Managing the Kubernetes API Server and Pods


1. What is the primary application transport mechanism for the Kubernetes API Server?

A. Server side RPC calls
B. Javascript over WebSockets
C. TCP multiplexing over HTTP/S
D. JSON Over HTTP/S

Ans:  D. JSON Over HTTP/S


2. Objects in the Kubernetes API are organized by which following methods?

A. Kind, Group and API Version
B. etcd’s concurrency model
C. Object level resourceVersion
D. Key value store

Ans:  A. Kind, Group and API Version


3. Which kubectl command will retrieve the definition/documentation for an API Object from the API Server?

A. get document
B. --objectName
C. explain
D. get object <object name>

Ans:   C. explain


4. As new API Versions become available what is the release cadence?

A. Alpha -> Beta -> Stable
B. Versioning
C. Stable - > Production -> Primary Release
D. Release

Ans:   A. Alpha -> Beta -> Stable


5. If you needed to assign workload to a subset of nodes in your cluster, what method would you choose so that you are not dependent on the Node names in the cluster?

A. Annotate the nodes and use a hardwareSelector in your Pod Spec
B. Annotate the nodes and use a namespace in your Pod Spec
C. Label the nodes and use a nodeSelector in your Pod Spec	
D. This is not possible in Kubernetes due to it’s declarative model for deployments

Ans:   C. Label the nodes and use a nodeSelector in your Pod Spec


6. Which of the following will remove the label disk from a node?

A. kubectl label node c1-node2 disk
B. kubectl relabel node c1-node2 disk-
C. kubectl label node c1-node2 disk-
D. kubectl remove label node c1-node2 disk

Ans:   C. kubectl label node c1-node2 disk-


7. What is the primary function of a Controller in Kubernetes?

A. Running bare/naked Pods
B. Migrating Pod workloads to the Cloud
C. Migrating Pod workloads between Nodes
D. To keep your application in the desired state

Ans:   D. To keep your application in the desired state


8. What is the primary design goal for using multi-container Pods?

A. Scaling stateful containers
B. Tightly coupled applications
C. More flexible recovery options when restarting Pods
D. Scaling stateless containers

Ans:   B. Tightly coupled applications


9. Which of the following is the appropriate order of a Pod’s lifecycle?

A. Creation -> Running -> Restart
B. PodSpec -> Running -> Termination
C. Kubectl run -> Running -> Termination
D. Creation -> Running -> Termination

Ans:  D. Creation -> Running -> Termination


10. Which container restart policy will restart a container only on a non-zero exit code?

A. OnFailure
B. Never
C. OnNonZeroExitCode
D. Always

Ans:  A. OnFailure


11. For Kubernetes API Objects that were part of the initial releases, which API Group are they in?

A. They’ve been refactored into their appropriate API Groups
B. Fundamental
C. Workload
D. Core/Legacy

Ans:  D. Core/Legacy


12. What is the primary way to subdivide a cluster on the basis of resource isolation and/or organization?

A. Namespace
B. Label
C. Annotation
D. Subclustering/Federation

Ans:   A. Namespace


13. What is the primary way in Kubernetes to execute a command on a grouping of resources based on using a selector?

A. Annotations
B. Labels
C. Querying
D. Namespaces

Ans:  B. Labels


14. What is the primary way to store information along with your resources in the cluster?

A. Annotations
B. resourceNotes
C. Labels
D. Namespaces

Ans:   A. Annotations


15. Which of the following will return the pods whose label is app=prod?

A. kubectl get pods -l app=prod
B. kubectl get pods -l app<>prod
C. kubectl get pods -l prod
D. kubectl get pods -l app!=prod

Ans:   A. kubectl get pods -l app=prod


16. What is the primary unit of allocating work in a Kubernetes Cluster?

A. Manifest
B. Pod
C. Deployment
D. Container

Ans:   B. Pod


17. What is the primary function of a Controller in Kubernetes?

A. To keep your application in the desired state
B. Migrating Pod workloads to the Cloud
C. Migrating Pod workloads between Nodes
D. Running bare/naked Pods

Ans:   A. To keep your application in the desired state


18. When using kubectl exec, a connection is first made to what cluster component prior to sending the command to the Pod?

A. The Controller Manager
B. The API Server
C. The Scheduler
D. The Kubelet

Ans:   B. The API Server


19. Which type of container probe will restart your container on probe failure?

A. livenessProbe
B. SIGTERM
C. readinessProbe
D. SIGKILL

Ans:  A. livenessProbe





































