1. IBM UrbanCode Build (uBuild) can be only installed in Windows?
True
False

Answer - False

2. What is the embedded database for IBM UrbanCode Build (uBuild) server?
Derby
Oracle database
MySQL database
Microsoft SQL Server database

Answer - Derby

3. Can you install multiple IBM UrbanCode Build (uBuild) agent on a single agent per host computer
Yes
No

- YES

4. Dependencies can be configured on build processes to provide artifacts and build triggering between projects and/or third-party artifacts such as open-source libraries. When you create a dependency, you are saying that your build needs the dependent build's artifacts in order to run or build. Is it true?
YES
NO

YES

5. Templates are skeleton configuration that define the majority of the configuration of a project and processes. Each template represents a type of project. Is it true?

YES
NO

Answer - YES

6. IBM UrbanCode Build (uBuild) server and agent required JAVA_HOME to be set to 
only JRE 
only JDK 
Either JRE or JDK

Answer - Either JRE or JDK

7. What is the default port on which the IBM UrbanCode Build (uBuild) Web UI should listen for secure HTTPS requests
8443
443
844
843

Answer - 8443

8. What is the default port on which the IBM UrbanCode Build (uBuild) Web UI should redirect unsecured HTTP requests.

80
8081
9090
8080

Answer - 8080

9. What is the default port on which the IBM UrbanCode Build (uBuild) agent uses for communication

7919
7900
9198
5600

Answer- 7919

10. Projects contain one or more build processes. A build process is a configuration that can be executed to perform a build on some source and typically produces artifacts. A build process defines everything that happens during the build and everything that is needed to do the build. It defines where to get source and dependencies, what tools to build with and what tests to run. Is it true?

YES
NO

Answer- YES

11. Artifact Sets are groupings for the artifacts (files) that are produced by a build. Artifact Sets allow the consumption of build artifacts in a more fine grained manner. Is it right defnition of Artifact Sets?

YES
NO

Ans- YES

12. Which tab can you find create "Notification Schemes"

Search Tab
Reporting Tab
Code Station Tab
System Tab

Ans - System Tab


13. "Internal Authentication" store the authencated users in?

1. LDAP
2. Database
3. Config file
4. Shared dir

Ans -Database

14. Which is not default "Job Pre-Condition Scripts"
1. All Ancestor Jobs Success
2. All Ancestor Jobs Success or Not Needed	
3. Fail Iterated Job Fast
4. Run on One Failure

Ans - 4. Run on One Failure

15. Which template is not needed for projects?
1. Job Template
2. Source Template
3. Process Template
4. Notification Templates

Ans - Notification Templates
